[Music]
people these days talk about money
laundering in 19 the last few months I
worked for Chase Manhattan in 1967 I was
going up to my office on the ninth floor
and a man got on the elevator and said I
was just coming to your office Michael
here is a report that I'm from the State
Department CIA we want to calculate how
much money we could get if we if we set
up bank branches and became the bank for
all the criminal capital in the world he
said look we can we figured out we can
finance and he said this in an elevator
that we can finance the Vietnam War with
all the drug money coming into America
all of the criminal money can you make a
calculation so I spent three months
figuring out how much money goes to
Switzerland from the drug dealings
what's the volume of drug dealings they
helped me with all sorts of statistic on
that and they said we can become the
criminal capital in the world and it'll
finance the dollar and this is this will
be enable us to afford the spending to
defeat communism in Vietnam and
elsewhere and if we don't do that the
bomb throwers will come to New York so I
became a specialist and off money
laundering nothing could have been
better I mean I had all the statistics I
had the help of all of the government
people you know explaining to me how the
CIA worked with the drug dealing and the
criminals and the kidnappers to raise
the money so it would be off the balance
sheet funding and Congress didn't have
to approve it when they would tell
people and do revolutions and they were
completely open with me and you know I I
realized they'd never done a security
check on me